---
id: bcecd29d-4e03-41fa-86e0-f093246e0ca7
blueprint: blog_post
title: 'Manifesting destiny and the future for this site'
updated_by: 7f31a87c-97c7-454a-b73b-07221c3cc69c
updated_at: 1743554111
description: 'Willing yourself to a better future and VBaaS (Vision Boards as a Service).'
---
Hail and well met! Nice to meet you. Thank you for stumbling upon my website. I don't know exactly what you'll find here and what you'll find inside _that_, but whatever it is, I hope you find it meaningful. Or, at the very least, not actively malicious.

## Manifesting Destiny<sup>[1](#footnote_1)</sup> (or, how I learned to stop worrying and love the vision board)

Manifesting, as a technique for pulling yourself closer to the future you wish to experience. Viewing it as a real supernatural ability certainly withdraws a scoff from mwah. (Though, ironically, knowing this you could bring it up with me and manifest that reaction.) But manifestation as a technique to bring yourself closer to that future, rather than waiting for it to come to you, is something I might need.

One of the most common ways of doing this is by creating a vision board, a collage of images, phrases, and _**vibes**_ that is placed in such a way that you look at it many times a day. Or, at least, as many as you need to manifest it. I try to keep my eyes away from my accidental rat poison consumption vision board (dying, disease, Lou Romano<sup>[2](#footnote_2)</sup>, etc.)

Okay, so, I haven't actually created a vision board. But I want to, because I want to set goals that I can reinforce and share with anyone who is interested. It'll be part of a larger project I want to undertake to enhance this website. Speaking of;

## New Features!

My website deserves much more love than it has received in the time since I built it. Originally a testing ground for the Astro framework and then a dumping ground for work I've done to try to woo any potential clients, it's time to turn this into something that is truly and authentically _me_.

Here's a running list of things that may or may not get implemented in the next lickety split or two. **Warning: it might not be very interesting.**

- A new coat of paint
- A new website theme<sup>[3](#footnote_3)</sup>
  - Add a dark mode (I prefer light mode, sue me)
- Create a public vision board
- Blog posts section (done!)
- Refactor resume and about me into the same page
- Write up some things I've learned over the past year about design systems, Laravel, and project management
- Contact form captcha
- Rewrite Antlers as Vue
  - Write Statamic Blueprint-to-Typescript transformer
- Actually settle on all BEM styling or all Tailwind
- Come up with other cool tools

## Wrapping Up

Thanks for coming by. I hope there's more soon. This post might even expand, I'm just too lazy to spend more than 30 minutes writing. Maybe you should set it as your homepage, or connect it to your pager. Whatever the method, keep chillin', and stay frosty<sup>[4](#footnote_4).

## Footnotes

**1** {#footnote_1} Yes, I spelled that write. it is unfortunate that such a bad dictum for mankind got such a cool
  
**2** {#footnote_2} Of _Ratatouille_ (2007) fame. You may also know him _[Your Friend The Rat](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1134859/)_ (also 2007).
  
**3** {#footnote_3} Technically, paint coats go over the existing paint. Doing that in code would be useless at best and annoying as hell at every scenario.
  
**4** {#footnote_4} An oxymoron if literally anyone cares. I'm witty, I promise!